Hey it's Bruno here.
Glad to see that you got your get set up with S-sh begin finally start working on some of our projects.
Now your first task is to help us with our Web site KCl Corp Web site.
It was built really fast when we launched and it just feels slow.
I heard you're a performance ninja though right.
Do you mind taking the initiative in making our Web site faster.
You've got that right.
Cool.
I know that I can trust you.
Let me know when you are done.
All right.
Performance.
That's easy right.
Right.
In this section we're going to go through the best practices with performance and then we're going to
finally implemented on the Keiko Corp Web site.
As always we're going to go through some lectures.
So we build your foundation first then I'm going to challenge you to use those skills learned in those
videos to improve the speed of the Web site.
And don't worry I'll provide a solution.
Video at the end if you get stuck see in the next one.
Buh-Bye.